### UAudioComponent


AudioComponent is used to play a Sound

@see https://docs.unrealengine.com/WorkingWithAudio/Overview
@see USoundBase

**属性**:

- `FSoundAttenuationSettings AttenuationOverrides [If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component]`
- `USoundAttenuation AttenuationSettings [If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component]`
- `EAttachmentRule AutoAttachLocationRule [Options for how we handle our location when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
@see bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule]`
- `TWeakObjectPtr<USceneComponent> AutoAttachParent [Component we automatically attach to when activated, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
If null during registration, we assign the existing AttachParent and defer attachment until we activate.
@see bAutoManageAttachment]`
- `EAttachmentRule AutoAttachRotationRule [Options for how we handle our rotation when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
@see bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule]`
- `EAttachmentRule AutoAttachScaleRule [Options for how we handle our scale when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
@see bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule]`
- `FName AutoAttachSocketName [Socket we automatically attach to on the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
@see bAutoManageAttachment]`
- `TSet<TObjectPtr<USoundConcurrency>> ConcurrencySet [What sound concurrency rules to use for sounds generated by this audio component]`
- `TArray<FAudioParameter> DefaultParameters [Array of parameters for this AudioComponent. Changes to this array directly will
not be forwarded to the sound if the component is actively playing, and will be superseded
by parameters set via the actor interface if set, or the instance parameters.]`
- `int EnvelopeFollowerAttackTime [The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.]`
- `int EnvelopeFollowerReleaseTime [The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.]`
- `float32 HighPassFilterFrequency [If enabled, the frequency of the Highpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.]`
- `float32 LowPassFilterFrequency [If enabled, the frequency of the Lowpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.]`
- `FSoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings ModulationRouting`
- `float32 OcclusionCheckInterval [The interval at which to re-test occlusion (in seconds).  Values < 0.f will only check occlusion once when we start playback]`
- `FOnAudioFinished OnAudioFinished [Called when we finish playing audio, either because it played to completion or because a Stop() call turned it off early]`
- `FOnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue`
- `FOnAudioPlayStateChanged OnAudioPlayStateChanged [This function returns the Targeted Audio Component's current Play State.
Playing, if the sound is currently playing.
Stopped, if the sound is stopped.
Paused, if the sound is currently playing, but paused.
Fading In, if the sound is in the process of Fading In.
Fading Out, if the sound is in the process of Fading Out.]`
- `FOnAudioPlaybackPercent OnAudioPlaybackPercent [Called as a sound plays on the audio component to allow BP to perform actions based on playback percentage.
Computed as samples played divided by total samples, taking into account pitch.
Not currently implemented on all platforms.]`
- `FOnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue`
- `FOnAudioVirtualizationChanged OnAudioVirtualizationChanged [Called when virtualization state changes]`
- `float32 PitchModulationMax [The upper bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier]`
- `float32 PitchModulationMin [The lower bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier]`
- `float32 PitchMultiplier [A pitch multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component]`
- `float32 Priority [If enabled, overrides the priority of the selected sound with the value provided.]`
- `USoundBase Sound [The sound to be played]`
- `USoundClass SoundClassOverride [SoundClass that overrides that set on the referenced SoundBase when component is played.]`
- `USoundEffectSourcePresetChain SourceEffectChain [The chain of Source Effects to apply to the sounds playing on the Audio Component]`
- `float32 SubtitlePriority [Used by the subtitle manager to prioritize subtitles wave instances spawned by this component.]`
- `float32 VolumeModulationMax [The upper bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier]`
- `float32 VolumeModulationMin [The lower bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier]`
- `float32 VolumeMultiplier [A volume multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component]`
- `bool bAllowSpatialization [Overrides spatialization enablement in either the attenuation asset or on this audio component's attenuation settings override.]`
- `bool bAutoManageAttachment [True if we should automatically attach to AutoAttachParent when Played, and detach from our parent when playback is completed.
This overrides any current attachment that may be present at the time of activation (deferring initial attachment until activation, if AutoAttachParent is null).
If enabled, this AudioComponent's WorldLocation will no longer be reliable when not currently playing audio, and any attach children will also be
detached/attached along with it.
When enabled, detachment occurs regardless of whether AutoAttachParent is assigned, and the relative transform from the time of activation is restored.
This also disables attachment on dedicated servers, where we don't actually activate even if bAutoActivate is true.
@see AutoAttachParent, AutoAttachSocketName, AutoAttachLocationType]`
- `bool bCanPlayMultipleInstances [If true, the Audio Component will play multiple sound instances at once. Switching sounds or calling play while already playing
will not stop already active instances. Virtualization for all played sounds will be disabled. Disabling while sound(s) are playing
will not take effect until the AudioComponent is stopped and restarted.]`
- `bool bDisableParameterUpdatesWhilePlaying [If true, the Audio Component will ignore parameter updates for already-playing sound(s).]`
- `bool bEnableHighPassFilter [Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.]`
- `bool bEnableLowPassFilter [Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.]`
- `bool bIsUISound [Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI]`
- `bool bOverrideAttenuation [Allows defining attenuation settings directly on this audio component without using an attenuation settings asset.]`
- `bool bOverridePriority [Whether or not to override the priority of the given sound with the value provided.]`
- `bool bOverrideSubtitlePriority [Whether or not to override the sound's subtitle priority.]`
- `bool bSuppressSubtitles [If true, subtitles in the sound data will be ignored.]`


**方法**:

- `AddModulationRouting(TSet<USoundModulatorBase> Modulators, EModulationDestination Destination)`  
  Adds the given set of Modulators to the modulators currently set on the Audio Component. This performs a logical Union, so duplicate modulators will not be added.
This function automatically sets the destination's routing method to Union, overriding whatever was set before.
To completely overwrite existing Modulation settings, use SetModulationRouting.
@param Modulators The set of modulators to add to the given destination on the component.
@param Destination The destination to add the modulators to.
@param bShouldModulationRoutingBeUpdated Whether we should get the ActiveSound to update the modulator on its next update call
- `AdjustAttenuation(FSoundAttenuationSettings InAttenuationSettings)`  
  This function is used to modify the Attenuation Settings on the targeted Audio Component instance. It is worth noting that Attenuation Settings are only passed to new Active Sounds on start, so modified Attenuation data should be set before sound playback.
- `AdjustVolume(float32 AdjustVolumeDuration, float32 AdjustVolumeLevel, EAudioFaderCurve FadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear)`  
  This function allows designers to trigger an adjustment to the sound instance’s playback Volume with options for smoothly applying a curve over time.
@param AdjustVolumeDuration The length of time in which to interpolate between the initial volume and the new volume.
@param AdjustVolumeLevel The new volume to set the Audio Component to.
@param FadeCurve The curve used when interpolating between the old and new volume.
- `bool GetAttenuationSettingsToApply(FSoundAttenuationSettings& OutAttenuationSettings)`  
  Retrieves Attenuation Settings data on the targeted Audio Component. Returns FALSE if no settings were found.
Because the Attenuation Settings data structure is copied, FALSE returns will return default values.
- `FadeIn(float32 FadeInDuration, float32 FadeVolumeLevel = 1.000000, float32 StartTime = 0.000000, EAudioFaderCurve FadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear)`  
  This function allows designers to call Play on an Audio Component instance while applying a volume curve over time.
Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade, the curve shape, and the start time if seeking into the sound.

@param FadeInDuration How long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
@param FadeVolumeLevel The percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume to fade to
@param FadeCurve The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume
- `FadeOut(float32 FadeOutDuration, float32 FadeVolumeLevel, EAudioFaderCurve FadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear)`  
  This function allows designers to call a delayed Stop on an Audio Component instance while applying a
volume curve over time. Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade and the curve shape.

@param FadeOutDuration how long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
@param FadeVolumeLevel the percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume in which to fade to
@param FadeCurve The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume
- `bool GetCookedEnvelopeData(float32& OutEnvelopeData)`  
  Retrieves Cooked Amplitude Envelope Data at the current playback time. If there are multiple
SoundWaves playing, data is interpolated and averaged across all playing sound waves.
Returns FALSE if no data was found.
- `bool GetCookedEnvelopeDataForAllPlayingSounds(TArray<FSoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound>& OutEnvelopeData)`  
  Retrieves the current-time amplitude envelope data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Envelope data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.
- `bool GetCookedFFTData(TArray<float32> FrequenciesToGet, TArray<FSoundWaveSpectralData>& OutSoundWaveSpectralData)`  
  Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Spectral data is averaged and interpolated for all playing sounds on this audio component.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.
- `bool GetCookedFFTDataForAllPlayingSounds(TArray<FSoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound>& OutSoundWaveSpectralData)`  
  Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Spectral data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.
- `TSet<USoundModulatorBase> GetModulators(EModulationDestination Destination)`  
  Gets the set of currently active modulators for a given Modulation Destination.
@param Destination The Destination to retrieve the Modulators from.
@return The set of of Modulators applied to this component for the given Destination.
- `EAudioComponentPlayState GetPlayState() const`  
  Returns the enumerated play states of the audio component.
- `bool HasCookedAmplitudeEnvelopeData() const`  
  Queries whether or not the targeted Audio Component instance’s sound has Amplitude Envelope Data, returns FALSE if none found.
- `bool HasCookedFFTData() const`  
  Queries if the sound wave playing in this audio component has cooked FFT data, returns FALSE if none found.
- `bool IsPlaying() const`  
  Returns TRUE if the targeted Audio Component’s sound is playing.
Doesn't indicate if the sound is paused or fading in/out. Use GetPlayState() to get the full play state.
- `bool IsVirtualized() const`  
  Returns if the sound is virtualized.
- `Play(float32 StartTime = 0.000000)`  
  Begins playing the targeted Audio Component's sound at the designated Start Time, seeking into a sound.
@param StartTime The offset, in seconds, to begin reading the sound at
- `PlayQuantized(UQuartzClockHandle& InClockHandle, FQuartzQuantizationBoundary& InQuantizationBoundary, FOnQuartzCommandEventBP InDelegate = FOnQuartzCommandEventBP ( ), float32 InStartTime = 0.000000, float32 InFadeInDuration = 0.000000, float32 InFadeVolumeLevel = 1.000000, EAudioFaderCurve InFadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear)`  
  Start a sound playing on an audio component on a given quantization boundary with the handle to an existing clock
- `RemoveModulationRouting(TSet<USoundModulatorBase> Modulators, EModulationDestination Destination)`  
  Removes the given set of Modulators to the modulators currently set on the Audio Component. This performs a logical subtraction of the sets, so modulators that are not in the given set will stay.
To completely overwrite current Modulation settings, use SetModulationRouting.
@param Modulators The set of modulators to remove from the given destination on the component.
@param Destination The destination to remove the modulators from.
- `SetAttenuationOverrides(FSoundAttenuationSettings InAttenuationOverrides)`
- `SetAttenuationSettings(USoundAttenuation InAttenuationSettings)`
- `SetAudioBusSendPostEffect(UAudioBus AudioBus, float32 AudioBusSendLevel)`  
  Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (POST Source Effects).
if the Audio Bus Send doesn't already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.
@param AudioBus The Bus to send the signal to
@param AudioBusSendLevel The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal
- `SetAudioBusSendPreEffect(UAudioBus AudioBus, float32 AudioBusSendLevel)`  
  Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (PRE Source Effects).
if the Bus Send doesn't already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.
@param AudioBus The Bus to send the signal to
@param AudioBusSendLevel The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal
- `SetBoolParameter(FName InName, bool InBool)`  
  Sets a named Boolean
- `SetFloatParameter(FName InName, float32 InFloat)`  
  Sets a named Float
- `SetHighPassFilterEnabled(bool InHighPassFilterEnabled)`  
  When set to TRUE, enables an additional High Pass Filter Frequency to be calculated in with the
sound instance’s HPF total, allowing designers to set filter settings for the targeted Audio Component’s
sound instance.
- `SetHighPassFilterFrequency(float32 InHighPassFilterFrequency)`  
  Sets a cutoff frequency, in Hz, for the targeted Audio Component’s sound’s High Pass Filter calculation.
The highest cutoff frequency from all of the sound instance’s possible HPF calculations wins.
- `SetIntParameter(FName InName, int InInt)`  
  Sets a named Int32
- `SetLowPassFilterEnabled(bool InLowPassFilterEnabled)`  
  When set to TRUE, enables an additional Low Pass Filter Frequency to be calculated in with the
sound instance’s LPF total, allowing designers to set filter settings for the targeted Audio Component’s
sound instance.
- `SetLowPassFilterFrequency(float32 InLowPassFilterFrequency)`  
  Sets a cutoff frequency, in Hz, for the targeted Audio Component’s sound’s Low Pass Filter calculation.
The lowest cutoff frequency from all of the sound instance’s possible LPF calculations wins.
- `SetModulationRouting(TSet<USoundModulatorBase> Modulators, EModulationDestination Destination, EModulationRouting RoutingMethod = EModulationRouting :: Inherit)`  
  Sets the routing for one of the given Audio component's Modulation Destinations. This will overwrite the current settings.
To Add modulators without removing previously set ones, use AddModulators.
@param Modulators The set of modulators to apply to the given destination on the component.
@param Destination The destination to assign the modulators to.
@param RoutingMethod The routing method to use for the given modulator.
- `SetOutputToBusOnly(bool bInOutputToBusOnly)`  
  Sets whether or not to output the audio to bus only.
- `SetOverrideAttenuation(bool bInOverrideAttenuation)`
- `SetPaused(bool bPause)`  
  Pause an audio component playing its sound cue, issue any delegates if needed
- `SetPitchMultiplier(float32 NewPitchMultiplier)`  
  Set a new pitch multiplier
- `SetSound(USoundBase NewSound)`  
  Set what sound is played by this component
- `SetSourceBusSendPostEffect(USoundSourceBus SoundSourceBus, float32 SourceBusSendLevel)`  
  Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied)
to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to
this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs after the Source Effect processing chain.
@param SoundSourceBus The Bus to send the signal to
@param SourceBusSendLevel The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal
- `SetSourceBusSendPreEffect(USoundSourceBus SoundSourceBus, float32 SourceBusSendLevel)`  
  Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied)
to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to
this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs before the Source Effect processing chain.
@param SoundSourceBus The Bus to send the signal to.
@param SourceBusSendLevel The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.
- `SetSubmixSend(USoundSubmixBase Submix, float32 SendLevel)`  
  Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound set the send level (volume of sound copied) to the indicated Submix.
@param Submix The Submix to send the signal to.
@param SendLevel The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.
- `SetUISound(bool bInUISound)`  
  Set whether sounds generated by this audio component should be considered UI sounds
- `SetVolumeMultiplier(float32 NewVolumeMultiplier)`  
  Set a new volume multiplier
- `SetWaveParameter(FName InName, USoundWave InWave)`  
  Sets the parameter matching the name indicated to the provided Wave. Provided for convenience/backward compatibility
with SoundCues (The parameter interface supports any object and is up to the system querying it to determine whether
it is a valid type).
@param InName The name of the parameter to assign the wave to.
@param InWave The wave value to set.
- `Stop()`  
  Stop an audio component's sound, issue any delegates if needed
- `StopDelayed(float32 DelayTime)`  
  Cues request to stop sound after the provided delay (in seconds), stopping immediately if delay is zero or negative

---

