### UNiagaraDataInterfaceDataChannelWrite


The Data Channel Writer Data Interface allows us to write data into a Niagara Data Channel.
We can specify where the data is made visible with visibility flags for Game, CPU and GPU.
These can help reduce costs by copying data only where it's needed.

**属性**:

- `FNDCAccessContextInst AccessContext [Access Context used when accessing NDC data. Controls which of the NDCs internal data it will return for this Interface to write into.]`
- `uint AllocationCount [How many elements to allocate for writing per frame? Usage depends on AllocationMode.]`
- `ENiagaraDataChannelAllocationMode AllocationMode [How should we allocate the buffer into which we write data. Currently only supports static allocation but in future will support more flexible allocation modes.]`
- `UNiagaraDataChannelAsset Channel [The Data Channel to write to.]`
- `bool bOnlyWriteOnceOnSubticks [If a system is ticking multiple times in a single frame (for example due to fixed tick delta time or because the user is scrubbing the desired time in the timeline),
it is usually not desirable to also write data channel entries for each subtick, as consumers reading on the next frame will potentially see a huge number of entries.

When enabled, the emitter will only execute write functions on the last subtick of the frame.]`
- `bool bPublishToCPU [Data generated by this interface is made visible to other CPU Niagara emitters.
Allows reading this data in CPU Particle scripts as well as Emitter and System scripts.
Also required for this data to be used in Spawning functions on the Data Channel Read Interface such as Spawn Conditional and Spawn Direct.
If these spawning functions are used to spawn into a GPU emitter, the relevant data will also be made visible to the GPU.
There is no need to also set "Visible to GPU Systems".]`
- `bool bPublishToGPU [Data generated by this interface will be made visible to GPU Niagara emitters.
Set this only if you need to directly read this data from Niagara emitters on the GPU.
If you are intending to use this data for Spawning particles via Spawn Conditional or Spawn Direct then you should not set this.
In that case, set only "Visible To CPU systems" and if required by a GPU emitter, the data will be passed back to the GPU automatically for use in initializing spawned particles.]`
- `bool bPublishToGame [The data generated by this interface is made visible the Game code and BP. This is required to allow game C++ and BP to read this data.]`
- `bool bUpdateDestinationDataEveryTick [The target Data Channel data for this interface will be refreshed every frame.
Some Data Channels have multiple separate data elements for things such as spatial subdivision.
Each DI will request the correct one for it's owning system instance from the data channel.
Depending on the Data Channel this could be an expensive search so we should avoid doing this every tick if possible.]`

---

