### USynthComponent


**属性**:

- `FSoundAttenuationSettings AttenuationOverrides [If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component]`
- `USoundAttenuation AttenuationSettings [If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component]`
- `TArray<FSoundSourceBusSendInfo> BusSends [This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing after source effects are processed.]`
- `TSet<TObjectPtr<USoundConcurrency>> ConcurrencySet [What sound concurrency to use for sounds generated by this audio component]`
- `int EnvelopeFollowerAttackTime [The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.]`
- `int EnvelopeFollowerReleaseTime [The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.]`
- `FSoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings ModulationRouting`
- `FOnSynthEnvelopeValue OnAudioEnvelopeValue`
- `TArray<FSoundSourceBusSendInfo> PreEffectBusSends [This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing before source effects are processed.]`
- `USoundClass SoundClass [Sound class this sound belongs to]`
- `USoundSubmixBase SoundSubmix [Submix this sound belongs to]`
- `TArray<FSoundSubmixSendInfo> SoundSubmixSends [An array of submix sends. Audio from this sound will send a portion of its audio to these effects.]`
- `USoundEffectSourcePresetChain SourceEffectChain [The source effect chain to use for this sound.]`
- `bool bAllowSpatialization [Is this audio component allowed to be spatialized?]`
- `bool bEnableBaseSubmix [If enabled, sound will route to the Master Submix by default or to the Base Submix if defined. If disabled, sound will route ONLY to the Submix Sends and/or Bus Sends]`
- `bool bEnableBusSends [Whether or not to enable sending this audio's output to buses.]`
- `bool bEnableSubmixSends [Whether or not to enable Submix Sends other than the Base Submix.]`
- `bool bIsUISound [Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI]`
- `bool bOverrideAttenuation [Should the Attenuation Settings asset be used (false) or should the properties set directly on the component be used for attenuation properties]`


**方法**:

- `AdjustVolume(float32 AdjustVolumeDuration, float32 AdjustVolumeLevel, EAudioFaderCurve FadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear) const`  
  This function allows designers to trigger an adjustment to the sound instance’s playback Volume with options for smoothly applying a curve over time.
@param AdjustVolumeDuration The length of time in which to interpolate between the initial volume and the new volume.
@param AdjustVolumeLevel The new volume to set the Audio Component to.
@param FadeCurve The curve used when interpolating between the old and new volume.
- `FadeIn(float32 FadeInDuration, float32 FadeVolumeLevel = 1.000000, float32 StartTime = 0.000000, EAudioFaderCurve FadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear) const`  
  This function allows designers to call Play on an Audio Component instance while applying a volume curve over time.
Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade, the curve shape, and the start time if seeking into the sound.

@param FadeInDuration How long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
@param FadeVolumeLevel The percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume to fade to
@param FadeCurve The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume
- `FadeOut(float32 FadeOutDuration, float32 FadeVolumeLevel, EAudioFaderCurve FadeCurve = EAudioFaderCurve :: Linear) const`  
  This function allows designers to call a delayed Stop on an Audio Component instance while applying a
volume curve over time. Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade and the curve shape.

@param FadeOutDuration how long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
@param FadeVolumeLevel the percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume in which to fade to
@param FadeCurve The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume
- `TSet<USoundModulatorBase> GetModulators(EModulationDestination Destination)`  
  Gets the set of currently active modulators for a given Modulation Destination.
@param Destination The Destination to retrieve the Modulators from.
@return The set of of Modulators applied to this component for the given Destination.
- `bool IsPlaying() const`  
  Returns true if this component is currently playing.
- `SetAudioBusSendPostEffect(UAudioBus AudioBus, float32 AudioBusSendLevel)`  
  Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given AudioBus (post effect).
- `SetAudioBusSendPreEffect(UAudioBus AudioBus, float32 AudioBusSendLevel)`  
  Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given AudioBus (pre effect).
- `SetLowPassFilterEnabled(bool InLowPassFilterEnabled)`  
  Sets whether or not the low pass filter is enabled on the audio component.
- `SetLowPassFilterFrequency(float32 InLowPassFilterFrequency)`  
  Sets lowpass filter frequency of the audio component.
- `SetModulationRouting(TSet<USoundModulatorBase> Modulators, EModulationDestination Destination, EModulationRouting RoutingMethod = EModulationRouting :: Inherit)`  
  Sets the routing for one of the given Synth component's Modulation Destinations.
@param Modulators The set of modulators to apply to the given destination on the component.
@param Destination The destination to assign the modulators to.
@param RoutingMethod The routing method to use for the given modulator.
- `SetOutputToBusOnly(bool bInOutputToBusOnly)`  
  Sets whether or not the synth component outputs its audio to any source or audio buses.
- `SetSourceBusSendPostEffect(USoundSourceBus SoundSourceBus, float32 SourceBusSendLevel)`  
  Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given SourceBus (post effect).
- `SetSourceBusSendPreEffect(USoundSourceBus SoundSourceBus, float32 SourceBusSendLevel)`  
  Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given SourceBus (pre effect).
- `SetSubmixSend(USoundSubmixBase Submix, float32 SendLevel)`  
  Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given submix.
- `SetVolumeMultiplier(float32 VolumeMultiplier)`  
  Set a new volume multiplier
- `Start()`  
  Starts the synth generating audio.
- `Stop()`  
  Stops the synth generating audio.

---

