### FNavLinkGenerationJumpDownConfig


Experimental configuration to generate vertical links.

**属性**:

- `TSubclassOf<UNavAreaBase> DownDirectionAreaClass [Area class for downward traversal of links generated by this configuration.
@note If the value matches UpDirectionAreaClass, a single bidirectional link will be used to represent links generated by this configuration.
If the value is null, no link will be generated in this direction]`
- `float32 FilterDistanceThreshold [When filtering similar links, it's the distance used to compare between segment endpoints to match similar links.
Use greater distance for more filtering (0 to deactivate filtering).]`
- `float32 JumpDistanceFromEdge [How far from the navmesh edge is the jump started.]`
- `float32 JumpEndsHeightTolerance [Tolerance at both ends of the jump to find ground.]`
- `float32 JumpHeight [Peak height relative to the height of the starting point.]`
- `float32 JumpLength [Horizontal length of the jump.
How far from the starting point we will look for ground.]`
- `float32 JumpMaxDepth [How far below the starting height we want to look for landing ground.]`
- `uint16 LinkBuilderFlags [Flags used to indicate how links will be added.]`
- `TSubclassOf<UBaseGeneratedNavLinksProxy> LinkProxyClass [Class used to handle links made with this configuration.
Using this allows to implement custom behaviors when using navlinks, for example during the pathfollow.
Note that having a proxy is not required for successful navlink pathfinding,
but it does allow for custom behavior at the start and the end of a given navlink.
This implies that using LinkProxyClass is optional, and it can remain empty (the default value).
@see INavLinkCustomInterface
@see UGeneratedNavLinksProxy]`
- `float32 SamplingSeparationFactor [Value multiplied by CellSize to find the distance between sampling trajectories. Default is 1.
Larger values improve generation speed but might introduce sampling errors.]`
- `TSubclassOf<UNavAreaBase> UpDirectionAreaClass [Area class for upward traversal of links generated by this configuration.
@note If the value matches DownDirectionAreaClass, a single bidirectional link will be used to represent links generated by this configuration.
If the value is null, no link will be generated in this direction]`


**方法**:

- `FNavLinkGenerationJumpDownConfig& opAssign(FNavLinkGenerationJumpDownConfig Other)`

---

